Why are you afraid that I will kill you?
OK. Didn't the headquarters ask you to investigate the viewing group?
Why so fast?
If I don't change it, he will die.
I didn’t expect these Ah Tao to care about me?
What he doesn't die for is us.
Sister, don’t forget
We are only temporarily cooperating with Chu Feng
If one day she really ascends the throne
Then all our plans will be in vain
Remember who can ascend the throne?
The only one in our little family is Chu Feng
But innocent
Then the previous dynasty will not be innocent for a long time.
Our little family is not innocent when they hear the loud music.
Think about it carefully
My father died to save the two of us.
What is my last doubt?
She is still useful to us now
I won't flash for now
Now I can’t ask anything I want to ask.
Then don't use it together anymore
Wish me what to do